# The Benefits of a Single File Blog

Rendering your blog or website as a single file using PHPetite is pretty fantastic. It gives you the freedom to easily share, host or edit your site's content on almost any hosting provider. 

Since the entire blog's content is generated inline on `build`, you don't need to fiddle around with external `CSS` and `JS` files. There is also no need to worry about broken `img` sources since PHPetite converts all images into proper base64 strings.

Using this website as an example: this blog weighs in at **~21KB**[^1]. 

That is incredibly tiny in terms of website size. Some sections on other web pages are larger than that!

The portability of having a *single* `HTML` file as your blog is quite liberating. Though it should be noted, if your blog consists of high resolutions imagery or includes massive amounts of content, a single file might be a little impractical for you.

## Hosting for Newcomers

I suggest using [Netlify Drop](https://app.netlify.com/drop) if this is your first time setting up a hosting environment or you don't consider yourself too tech-savvy. Once you have your rendered `index.html` file, simply drag-and-drop the file into Netlify Drop - that's it!

From there you can always setup a permanent subdomain or use your own custom domain.

## Local Development

Simply follow the instructions found on the [Generating This Blog](#generating-this-blog) page and you'll be running a local version of your site in seconds.

[^1]: At this time of writing (Feb 2021)
