# Cleaning Things Up &amp; Future PHPetite Updates

It has been quite a long time since I've reviewed or updated this little project of mine. Since it's release, I've created another minimal blogging system (based on `bash` this time) called [Shinobi](https://shinobi.website) and converted my personal website to use *that* instead.

But I still love this single file blogging concept. So, I thought it was time for some basic cleanup. That "cleanup" slowly turned into a TODO list of sorts and now there are extra features I plan to add.

## The Cleanup

\* I first started by including the specific `$_SERVER['DOCUMENT_ROOT'].` parameter in the main PHP includes. I noticed when pulling the project in a "fresh" instance that the build failed without this setup. Sorry for anyone who may have ran into this issue previously!

\* The default build script has been moved into a proper `makefile`. Now, generating the website only requires you to run `make` from the main directory. Running `make serve` builds the website and also runs a local server for testing at `localhost:8000`. Nothing groundbreaking but pretty helpful.

\* The original dark mode CSS styling has been removed in favor of using the browser supported `color scheme` meta tag.

\* Post dates are now listed at the top of each blog article (see above for reference)

## What's to Come

I keep a running list of features I plan to implement (in no particular order) on the main [about section](#about). Feel free to open an issue on the [official sourcehut todo](https://todo.sr.ht/~bt/phpetite) if you have other features and suggestions. Don't be shy!

## Follow Along

Rolling out any new updates for this project will take time. I'm in no *real* rush and I do have other projects that require my attention. That said, if you wish to stay up-to-date, I recommend following along via the [official RSS feed](/atom.xml).

Thanks for reading and happy single-file blogging!

-- Brad